[DOCS-12260] Cloudcraft Azure support (#32424)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/datadog_cloudcraft/overlays.md

You can click on any resource that has findings to open a side panel with more details, allowing deeper investigation without leaving the diagram. Click **Investigate** to get more context about the finding and learn how to remediate it.

> {{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/overlays/cloudcraft_security_overlay_misconfigurations_2.png" alt="Security overlay in Cloudcraft with the misconfigurations filter applied." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/overlays/cloudcraft_security_overlay_misconfigurations_2.png" alt="Security overlay in Cloudcraft with the misconfigurations filter applied in the collapsible legend in the bottom of the screen, and highlighting the Investigate button" style="width:100%;" >}}
```

#### Investigate sensitive data

You can view sensitive data matches for your S3 buckets. Click a resource with matches to learn more about the bucket's sensitive data matches. Then, hover over a filename and click its **Inspect in AWS** button.

> {{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/overlays/cloudcraft_security_overlay_sensitive_data_2.png" alt="Security overlay in Cloudcraft with the sensitive data filter applied, highlighting the collapsible legend in the bottom left of the screen, and the Inspect in AWS button on the side panel." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: Update to match the UI

This enables faster, in-context cost optimization without switching views.

> {{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/overlays/cloudcraft_ccm_overlay_4.png" alt="Cloud Cost Management(CCM) overlay in Cloudcraft, highlighting the collapsible savings legend at the bottom left hand side of the screen." style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/overlays/cloudcraft_ccm_overlay_4.png" alt="Cloud Cost Management (CCM) overlay in Cloudcraft, highlighting the recommendations option in the collapsible legend at the bottom left hand side of the screen." style="width:100%;" >}}
```
